h2. Description

*URLTempfile* is a descendent of Tempfile that creates a temp file from the 
data/response body of an HTTP GET request to the specified URL.  This code was
designed to be used with the 
"Paperclip":http://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/tree/master Rails plugin.
  
Note, I consider this somewhat of a hack right now.  It's being used in a
production application, but you should review the code prior to your own
use.  I heartily welcome enhancements, please do send pull requests.

h2. Usage

First, place the URLTempfile.rb file into your Rails application's @lib@
directory.

To use this in your Rails app, you will need to modify your HTML form to
have a field where the user enters a URL, and then some mechanism to determine
that they have specified a URL (my app currently uses a pulldown menu to pick
between File or URL to upload, and then swaps out different fields depending
on that choice, but you could also just detect if there is text in a text field
and so on).  Then, in your controller code, you'd just set the "photo" (or
whatever named attribute you're using for Paperclip) to the URLTempfile:

@params[:blog_entry][:photo] = URLTempfile.new(params[:photo_url])@
  
That's it, from there on, the regular Paperclip file handling/functionality
takes over and stores your file, makes thumbnails or what not.

h2. Issues

* This code currently does not follow redirects.
* It assumes the presence of OpenSSL for Ruby, and thus 'net/https', to support HTTPS downloads.
* For HTTPS downloads, it does not do certificate checking.
* It currently uses the @identify@ command line application from ImageMagick to determine the MIME type of the file.  If you're on Windows, or this is not in your path, it will fail.  The suggested solution is to augment the code to detect if identify is there, and if not, checking the content type in the HTTP response, or try using the file extension from the URL if available.
* Much more error checking and such is needed.
